# My personal website

Over the years I have made a bunch of websites, I first started creating websites in
2013 with google sites! I then went and learned programming a few years later. I
obviously learned html and css because of my curiosity towards websites. I always
wanted to make my own for some reason, with my friends in 2014 we where a bunch of
kids and we all wanted to start youtube so I made a websites for me and my friends :)
I then started getting a lot more serious at programming and I started freelance and
here is where this repository began.

## 2017
In Jun 2017 this is where I started with my first commits that had a small but
effective websites. At the time I love emojis for some reason and to be perfectly
honest I still do! So I had a pretty empty first page and a little project list
with a carousel when you clicked on the correct project.

![https://github.com/p4p1/p4p1.github.io/blob/master/assets/First_page.png][First_page]

This period was very experimental I had no idea what a correct portfolio looked like
So I just messed around. I then started to look a bit more into the different styles
of portfolio I could make and it's where I started working more on this format

![https://github.com/p4p1/p4p1.github.io/blob/master/assets/Jun2017_main.png][Jun2017_main]
![https://github.com/p4p1/p4p1.github.io/blob/master/assets/Jun2017_proj.png][Jun2017_proj]

I then started to go away from the emoji layout and wanted something more sober and
simple so I then moved to a similar design but something more light on the eyes. At
the time I even used a white terminal, yuck.

![https://github.com/p4p1/p4p1.github.io/blob/master/assets/Aug2017_main.png][Aug2017_main]
![https://github.com/p4p1/p4p1.github.io/blob/master/assets/Aug2017_proj.png][Aug2017_proj]
![https://github.com/p4p1/p4p1.github.io/blob/master/assets/Aug2017_cont.png][Aug2017_cont]
![https://github.com/p4p1/p4p1.github.io/blob/master/assets/Aug2017_res.png][Aug2017_res]

I even started on working on my resume, I didn't even had one at that time :). Then
in September I wanted to get a more ergonomic kind of feel and I wanted to build
something scalable to any screen. So I started looking into mobile and web design.
I first started experimenting by creating sample buttons:

![https://github.com/p4p1/p4p1.github.io/blob/master/assets/Sep2017_cont.png][Sep2017_cont]

And it then evolved into it's own style of website.

![https://github.com/p4p1/p4p1.github.io/blob/master/assets/Sep2017_main.png][Sep2017_main]
![https://github.com/p4p1/p4p1.github.io/blob/master/assets/Sep2017_mob.png][Sep2017_mob]


## 2019
After a whole year of absence from my computer. I actually spent a year outside and
didn't touch my laptop, I then came back with my new skills to settle on this
terrible idea, I'm going to add a schedule to my website! Why did I do that? I don't
know! But I still did it.

![https://github.com/p4p1/p4p1.github.io/blob/master/assets/April2019_main.png][April2019_main]

## 2020
After an other year of absence working at different jobs and doing other stuff. I
then looked into redoing my website to get something more like a really portfolio for
once. So I looked at bootstrap themes and settled on this:

![https://github.com/p4p1/p4p1.github.io/blob/master/assets/March2020_main.png][March2020_main]

Know I chose purple because literally the album I was listening at the moment was
purple. Later on that god awful year that pandemic struck and I was stuck inside and
after some chat with my current girlfriend of the time I decided to build a blog :)

![https://github.com/p4p1/p4p1.github.io/blob/master/assets/April2020_main.png][April2020_main]
